it's the largest Israeli military
offensive in the occupied West Bank
since
2002 all eyes are in Janine more than
half of the Palestinians killed so far
are from the refugee camp there and the
Israeli Army continues to send in
reinforcements entry into the camp is
nearly impossible but scenes emerging
from there reveal utter
Devastation scenes of dispossession
familiar in Gaza over the past 11 months
repeated here in the West Bank families
carrying what they can as they're forced
out of their homes under the threat of
Israeli
gunfire we've walked for 3 to 4 km we've
been calling the military coordination
numbers since Tuesday to coordinate our
evacuation but they haven't been able to
coordinate we rang the civil defense but
it wasn't in their hands same with the
Red Cross none of the official
organizations have been able to organize
our evacuation and that's despite the
difficult situation we're in gunfire
horrible killings destruction of
property destruction of roads and even
the mosque wasn't spared the targeting
of medical workers is being repeated
too paramedics are shot at as they
retrieve the bullet-ridden body of an
82-year-old man un experts have
repeatedly condemned these Israeli
tactics as war crimes with little effect
Palestinians say governments need to do
a lot more than Express concern sanction
Israel now we have two International
court of justice orders confirming the
possibility of genocide and ordering
Israel to stop its genocidal acts and
that Israel's presence in the occupied
territories is illegal it calls on third
states to impose sanctions economic
diplomatic Financial uh and a military
embargo on on Israel this must happen
right now
as Nightfall settles gunfire is heard
across the Janine refugee camp sounds of
a normalized and Relentless reality that
has upended people's lives the impact of
these repeated Israeli military assaults
is devastating the economy has shrunk by
a third families experience constant
loss fear and repeated dispossession and
with nothing in the Horizon to offer a
break of this deadly pattern
Palestinians fear the worst
Is Yet To Come N Al jaaz raal
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz